Add usedCoordinates configuration and nuse it to automatically compute the used coordinates (#4494)
apollographql/apollo-kotlin: tests/multi-module-3/root/README.md

> A multi-module repo to test __Schema and Pagination args

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A multi-module repo to test `apolloUsedCoordinates` / `apolloSchema`
```
